{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24640\viewh13360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2017/08/07 KPB\
\

\b\fs28 PLoS Computational Biology manuscript minutiae\

\b0 \ul A) There are several folders of redundant data. Here are what each contains (in order of processing):
\fs24 \ulnone \

\i \
1) Dated folders (e.g., \'932009_04_24\'94) \

\i0 These folders contain raw data files from the experiments. Data were exported from Spike2 as .mat files at 2000Hz (PotMem was exported at 20kHz). \
\

\i 2) \'93proc_data_all_afferents\'94\

\i0 This folder contains all of the processed (e.g. filtered and formatted) data from which afferents were either chosen to be included or excluded for the manuscript based on visual inspection. 12 afferents in all were chosen for inclusion (inclusion and exclusion for specific analyses was determined in a case-specific manner: 2 afferents  - only initial burst analysis, 6 afferents - only model fitting analysis, 4 afferents - both initial burst analysis and model fitting analysis). See README.rtf in this folder for details. \
\

\i 3) \'93proc_data_no_fits\'94\

\i0 This folder contains a selection of stretch trials for the 10 afferents included for model fitting analysis. Data were visually inspected to determine inclusion, though more strict inclusion-exclusion criteria were applied to data for cross-validation analysis. No model fitting was done on these data directly (i.e. data were copied to another folder before any actions were performed on data).  \
\

\i 4) \'93proc_data_no_buffer_lags\'94\

\i0 This folder contains a copy of the data from \'93proc_data_no_fits\'94, for which individual stretch trials were fit with the candidate models. These files contain an extra MATLAB structure in addition to the \'93proc_data\'94 structure, called \'93fit_data\'94. This structure contains all relevant data from model fitting on a per trial basis. Because the lag fits required a sweep through several lag values, there are more fits per stretch in these files than other folders. The lag parameters from these data are used for the cross-validation analysis, and the other model parameters are used to constrain the cross-validation optimization problem. No explicit analysis was performed on this data. \
\

\i 5) \'93proc_data_no_buffer\'94\

\i0 This folder contains a separate selection of stretch trials for the 10 afferent included in the model fitting analysis. The main differences between this folder and \'93proc_data_no_buffer_lags\'94 are that 1) muscle state data was lagged by only one value (the mean lag that produced the highest R-squared from proc_data_no_buffer_lags), so only one parameter optimization was done per stretch perturbation, and 2) only stretch trials that met the strict inclusion criteria outlined in the Methods section were included (these vary slightly from the other data, but are generally more inclusive of data). \
\

\i 6) \'93RawRampHoldData\'94\

\i0 This folder contains hand-selected ramp and hold trials from each afferent included in the model fitting analysis to include as a \'93raw data\'94 plot at the bottom of Figure 5. \
\

\i 7) \'93IBData\'94\

\i0 This folder contains hand-selected ramp and hold trials from each afferent included in the initial burst analysis. Each afferent has its own summary .mat file located in this folder, containing initial burst statistics used for the initial burst analysis. \
\

\i 8) \'93stats\'94\

\i0 This folder acts as a catchall for statistical spreadsheets and other data used for the analyses in this manuscript. \
\
9) 
\i \'93PLoSCompBioData\'94\

\i0 See README.rtf in this folder for description. 
\b \

\b0 \

\fs28 \ul B) There are a couple of conversion errors that were dealt with post-hoc\
\ulnone \

\i\fs24 1) Velocity and dV/dt scaling errors\

\i0 This error exists only in \'91proc_data_no_buffer\'92 folder. This data was used for cross-validation and fitting individual trials after mean lag values were found.
\i \
\
2) Force scaling (N*10 vs. N)\

\i0 This error exists only in \'91proc_data_no_buffer\'92 folder. This data was used for cross-validation and fitting individual trials after mean lag values were found. This error would have contributed to the fascicle kinematics estimates, but did not because of the exponential nature of our tendon model and the fact that we only cared about changes in length. Example:\
\
	(Change in fascicle length) = (Change in MT length) - (Change in tendon length)\
\
	(Change in tendon length) = (1/a*ln(a*F)) - (1/a*ln(a*F(t=1))) 	<\'97\'97\'97\'97 This is the step that makes the scaling error moot. See next step:\
\
	IF FORCE WAS SCALED BY 10, THE CHANGE IN FORCE IS NOT AFFECTED:\
	\
	(Change in tendon length) = (1/a*ln(a*F*10)) - (1/a*ln(a*F(t=1)*10)) = (1/a*ln(a*F) + 1/a*ln(10)) - (1/a*ln(a*F(t=1)) + 1/a*ln(10)) = (1/a*ln(a*F)) - (1/a*ln(a*F(t=1))) \
\
	AS YOU CAN SEE, SCALING THE FORCE BY A CONSTANT DOES NOT AFFECT THE TENDON LENGTH ESTIMATES, AND THUS, THE FASCICLE LENGTH ESTIMATES ARE UNAFFECTED. \
\

\i \
\
NOTE: These errors have been accounted for in \'93spindle_parse.m\'94 . This means reprocessing raw data from dated folders will give correct values (this was done for data made available to public from \'93proc_data_no_fits\'94). \
\

\i0 \
\
\
2017/05/15 KPB\
\
Data was initially processed using wrong V2X scaling factors for kinematic variables. In order to avoid reprocessing data and models, affected variables were rescaled after plotting for manuscript figures. \
\
Velocity: Data in structs are scaled by a factor of 1/2 the actual values. Confirmed by taking numerical derivative of Length (~2x scaled velocity values)\
\
This also means acceleration values as well as related model gains were affected. \
\
\
}